---
id: 243
title: 'Loaded Up'
date: '2014-08-28T13:54:16+00:00'
layout: post
guid: 'https://giggleoutloud.com/?p=243'
permalink: /2014/08/28/loaded-up/
categories:
    - Lyrics
---

It’s a loaded question like a loaded gun,
When I ask if anybody wants to come,
On a trip across the Universe,
To where Jimi, Janis and Jaco rehearse.
To study with people we never heard of,
Masters we never got word of.
10,000 feet stompin’ to phantom drums,
From hence inspiration comes.

Peace and love, you can call it a act.
Actually it ain’t that, B.
Bringin’ it back to see how you react to me,
Makin’ a pact to be,
More creative than a funky factory.

Give peace a chance to romance you,
Slip on your dance shoes,
Get up and dance to:

Got a real hot body to party.
Got a real hot burn in my body.
Got a song that’ll make ya rowdy,
And I want everybody to shout it.
All Loaded up. All Loaded up.
All Loaded up. Loaded.

More like a laughing Buddha than laughing last,
The peace sign is more than a blast from the past,
Or a decoration from the psychedelic scene,
A bleached out design on your bell-bottom jeans.

A peacekeeper is not a peace-maker,
One use a gun, the other use a shaker.
We care to create a hate free zone here.

Keep goin’ if you’re goin’ through Hell,
Today’s yesterday’s worrisome tomorrow,
And all’s well.
Could be the part of you that thinks that,
Someone’s out to get you’s out to get you.
How’d ya get to where ya at thinkin’ that,
There’s a ghost in every shadow,
Poised to attack.
Ooh, what the heck was that?!
I thought I heard a voice saying:
“Bring that part back that goes”:

Give peace a chance to entrance you,
Break in your dance shoes,
Trying to dance to:

Got a real hot…
All Loaded up…

Is it kaleidoscopic, concave, convex?
This world appears to be quite complex.
Never know what’s gonna come from one day to the next.
It’s the ultimate plot with the ultimate fix.
Constantly, constantly mysterious.
Is there any meaning to any of this?
Some say no, some say yes.
Somewhere in the middle of between,
Is the Nihilist who gets drunk and pissed at the Atheist,
Throwin’ his fist with the Anarchist.
There’s too much of this “ism” and “ist”,
Think it’s about time to cease and desist and,

Give peace a chance to advance you.
Wear out your dance shoes,
Learning to dance to:

Got a …
All Loaded…

Words by Mike iLL and Rivka
Music by Mad Happy
Copyright SIRJ, BMI
