---
id: 251
title: Phantasy
date: '2014-08-28T13:57:08+00:00'
author: illest
layout: post
guid: 'https://centerofwow.com/?p=251'
permalink: /2014/08/28/phantasy/
categories:
    - Lyrics
---

Drinkin’ beer by the liter in an X rated theater;  
I need a Phantasy Uninhibitor.

Deep inside my dirty heart  
My sexuality is a secret even from me  
Really especially see when an  
Erotic phantasy enters my mind  
Got to stop it first check an’ see if it’s the right kind  
Because there’s rules, dictated by society.  
They vary from place to place and person to person  
But for certain there is always what’s considered bizarre  
Perverse, unnatural or goin’ too far  
I think I need a mystic  
Faster and slicker than an undercover  
Hipnotist, dippin’ into unconsciousness  
To help negotiate between imagination, ego and libido  
Let me leave aside the bottle, straw and needle.  
Alcohol, heroin, cocaine, adrenalin  
Tools of release from social demands  
That may be in opposition to instinctual demands  
Leave me with a gag on my mouth, and shackled hands.  
Unable to express, this is who and how I am.  
Will I ever find some happiness  
Caught in the axis of praxis and stasis  
The stuff that I chase is the stuff that erases.

Drinkin’ beer by the liter in an X rated theater;  
I need a Phantasy Uninhibitor.

My steamy, creamery dreamies  
Populated with casts of outcastaway archetypes of all types  
Peter Pan, Mary Poppins, Uncle Sam, Christopher Robin  
Joan of Ark, Gertrude Stein, Peter Parker, John Divine  
Aphrodite, Yemaya, Don Quixote, Amen Ra  
Headed toward the Emerald City  
Packed inside a fire engine  
Someone turns around says  
Don’t let me forget to mention  
“I saw the light, I saw the light  
“No more darkness, no more night.”  
We take flight and the sky becomes ocean  
Soon I see a siren sittin’ on a dolphin  
Facin’ his tail, leanin’ over his fin,  
Gettin’ his spout in a certain position.  
Awake to a freak in boys underwear  
Givin’ head to a slob with matted black hair  
Somewhere out here near 42nd street,  
Floor stickin’ to my feet,  
Fallin’ in and out o’ sleep…

Drinkin’ beer by the liter in an X rated theater;  
I need a Phantasy Uninhibitor.

Fantasy Uninhibitor  
Helpin’ me discover my fears and desires  
Things I never would’a expected to be thinkin’ about  
Comin’ out, freakin’ me out, it’s all allowed.  
I need a license to explore my inner core,  
Always hidin’ in the closet is gettin to be a bore.  
I need a permit to hunt for and open door,  
Because closets are for clothin’ not for me anymore.  
So anyway, all we are tryina say is  
Can’t we go crazy responsibly  
Feel how it feels to be free of mental penitentiary  
Is this really how it’s meant to be  
Stewing in self-prescribed chemistry.

Drinkin’ beer by the liter in an X rated theater;  
I need a Phantasy Uninhibitor.  
Drinkin’.

Words by Rivka and Mike iLL  
Music by Mad Happy  
Copyright BMI